TurboNerds
Cord: https://discord.gg/XBbtmb94

1)    Availability for meeting expectations
        Meeting time should be once a week on Thursday's at 5:30pm. This meeting will occur on Discord and will be 10-15 minutes long.
2)    Response time to communication expectations
        Responses should be given within 24 hours.
3)    Definition of done: when is a task complete? (hint: "I'm done with that but I didn't check it in to github" is not done.)
        A task is completed when passing all relavent tests, and is reviewed and merged into main.
4)    Scrum meeting format/frequency and distribution of documentation tasks (meeting minutes, updating task board)
        Meetings over discord once a week for around 15 minutes, where we will discuss who will take up what tasks, and update those on the task board.
5)    Procedure for adopting policies (e.g. code style, code check-in steps, documentation updates) 
        a) if you adopt such a policy during the initial meeting, put it here

6)    Procedure for handling a member who is not meeting expectations
        a) must include at least 3 actions before involving the instructor
                Initially, if member is not meeting expectations outlined in the charter, email them and notify group of issue.

                If the issue is a complete lack of communcation on the part of a member:
                        If no response within 24 hours, meet with group and discuss what action is needed, if any.
                        Decide as a group an appropriate amount of time to extend to the team member.
                        If there is no response, notify TA / instructor.

                If team member is unable to keep up with tasks, but participating:
                        Reach out to team member
                        Determine the cause of the issue: 
                                Lack of prior knowledge in a particular area: if they are willing, try to assign them to different types of tasks
                                Lack of time / taking on too many tasks: try to rearrange the tasks to evenly distribute the workload
                        If team member is unable to contribute on a regular basis, reach out to TA / instructor.
    
7) Signatures: each member must sign their name by typing their name at the bottom of the document.
